username: Sweet
password: pink
address: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
contact number: 0119892384
balance: 900
username: Cheryl
password: lim
address: Milan, Europe
contact number: 0132248212
balance: 140
username: Vandyck
password: lai
address: Nagoya, Japan
contact number: 0129989852
balance: 10073
username: Love
password: lylong
address: NingGuang, China
contact number: 0192342345
balance: 9000
username: Lancelot
password: arthur
address: English,England
contact number: 0123456789
balance: 123
username: Hairy
password: portal
address: Dumbledore, Hoghwarts
contact number: 0199999919
balance: 0
username: Linux
password: python
address: Java, Cpp
contact number: 0198898787
balance: 0
username: Kali
password: pup
address: Ryazan, Russia
contact number: 0198989273
balance: 0
username: Kari
password: pop
address: Terengganu, Malaysia
contact number: 0198767652
balance: 100
username: James
password: jamie
address: Avengers, Vibranium
contact number: 0197766554
balance: 0
username: Nemesis
password: alien
address: Ababa, Alibaba
contact number: 0165748393
balance: 0
username: Hiahianan
password: hiahiahia
address: HiaHiaLand, America
contact number: 0177777777
balance: 0
username: Alex
password: wat
address: Kingdom, Albanana
contact number: 0188888888
balance: 0
username: Anthony
password: ant
address: Asgard, Banana
contact number: 0178928875
balance: 0
username: Banana
password: lim
address: Seoul, Korea
contact number: 0123456789
balance: 0
username: Cherry
password: bomb
address: Nagasaki, Japan
contact number: 0123454243
balance: 0