username: Sweet
car id: R001
price: 50
days: 7
status: Paid
reservation: Completed
payment method: credit card
username: Love
car id: R002
price: 100
days: 5
status: Pending
reservation: N/A
payment method: N/A
username: Cheryl
car id: R003
price: 10
days: 3
status: Paid
reservation: Completed
payment method: credit card
username: Vandyck
car id: R004
price: 60
days: 10
status: Paid
reservation: Completed
payment method: balance
username: Vandyck
car id: R006
price: 200
days: 5
status: Paid
reservation: Completed
payment method: balance
username: Love
car id: R001
price: 50
days: 3
status: Paid
reservation: Ready
payment method: balance
username: Cheryl
car id: R005
price: 100
days: 4
status: Paid
reservation: Ready
payment method: credit card
username: Vandyck
car id: R005
price: 100
days: 7
status: Pending
reservation: N/A
payment method: balance
username: Hairy
car id: R010
price: 5
days: 2
status: Pending
reservation: N/A
payment method: N/A
username: Kari
car id: R011
price: 300
days: 8
status: Paid
reservation: Ready
payment method: credit card
username: Kari
car id: R006
price: 200
days: 1
status: Paid
reservation: Ready
payment method: balance
username: Love
car id: R007
price: 500
days: 6
status: Paid
reservation: Renting
payment method: balance
username: Vandyck
car id: R002
price: 100
days : 2
status: Paid
reservation: Renting
payment method: credit card
username: Cheryl
car id: R015
price: 280
days: 5
status: Paid
reservation: In Queue
payment method: balance
username: Kari
car id: R014
price: 28
days: 2
status: Paid
reservation: In Queue
payment method: credit card
username: Linux
car id: R016
price: 500
days: 10
status: Pending
reservation: N/A
payment method: N/A
username: Kali
car id: R018
price: 25
days: 8
status: Pending
reservation: N/A
payment method: N/A
username: James
car id: R019
price: 100
days: 4
status: Paid
reservation: In Queue
payment method: credit card
username: Lancelot
car id: R020
price: 10
days: 9
status: Paid
reservation: In Queue
payment method: balance
username: Hairy
car id: R021
price: 50
days: 8
status: Pending
reservation: N/A
payment method: balance
car id: R022
price: 20
days: 20
status: Paid
reservation: Ready
payment method: credit card
car id: R023
price: 10
days: 2
status: Paid
reservation: Ready
payment method: balance
